flutter_custom_tabs/README.md, before:

# flutter_custom_tabs
[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_custom_tabs.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/flutter_custom_tabs)

A Flutter plugin for launching a URL using [Custom Tabs](https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/android/customtabs)
 like [url_launcher](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher).  

The following platforms are supported:
- Android
- iOS(`*`)
- Web(`*`)

On Android and iOS, you can customize the screen 
to display web contents according to your application.

| Android | iOS |
| - | - |
| ![android](https://i.imgur.com/lgPWvLS.gif) | ![iOS](https://i.imgur.com/LhsCUzb.gif) |

`*`Custom Tabs is a feature that works seamlessly with apps and web content,  
and requires browsers such as Chrome on **Android**.  

Therefore, other platforms use different native features.
- iOS: [SFSafariViewController](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/safariservices/sfsafariviewcontroller).
  - You can customize the look & feel of the screen.
- Web: [url_launcher_web](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher_web)
  - You can't customize it at all.

## Getting Started
Add `flutter_custom_tabs` to the dependencies of your `pubspec.yaml`.

``` yaml
dependencies:
  flutter_custom_tabs: ^1.0.3
```

### Usage
Open the web URL like `url_launcher`.  
It is also possible to customize look & feel by specifying options for each Platform.
- Android: [`CustomTabsOption`](https://github.com/droibit/flutter_custom_tabs_platform_interface/blob/develop/lib/src/custom_tabs_option.dart)
- iOS: [`SafariViewControllerOption`](https://github.com/droibit/flutter_custom_tabs_platform_interface/blob/develop/lib/src/safari_view_controller_option.dart)

#### Example

``` dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:flutter_custom_tabs/flutter_custom_tabs.dart';

class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      theme: ThemeData(
        primarySwatch: Colors.blue,
      ),
      home: Scaffold(
        body: Center(
          child: TextButton(
            child: const Text('Show Flutter homepage'),
            onPressed: () => _launchURL(context),
          ),
        ),
      ),
    );
  }

  void _launchURL(BuildContext context) async {
    try {
      await launch(
        'https://flutter.dev',
        customTabsOption: CustomTabsOption(
          toolbarColor: Theme.of(context).primaryColor,
          enableDefaultShare: true,
          enableUrlBarHiding: true,
          showPageTitle: true,
          animation: CustomTabsAnimation.slideIn(),
          // or user defined animation.
          animation: const CustomTabsAnimation(
            startEnter: 'slide_up',
            startExit: 'android:anim/fade_out',
            endEnter: 'android:anim/fade_in',
            endExit: 'slide_down',
          ),
          extraCustomTabs: const <String>[
            // ref. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.firefox
            'org.mozilla.firefox',
            // ref. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.emmx
            'com.microsoft.emmx',
          ],
        ),                    
        safariVCOption: SafariViewControllerOption(
          preferredBarTintColor: Theme.of(context).primaryColor,
          preferredControlTintColor: Colors.white,
          barCollapsingEnabled: true,
          entersReaderIfAvailable: false,
          dismissButtonStyle: SafariViewControllerDismissButtonStyle.close,        
        ),
      );
    } catch (e) {
      // An exception is thrown if browser app is not installed on Android device.
      debugPrint(e.toString());
    }
  }
}
```

## License

    Copyright (C) 2015 The Android Open Source Project
    Copyright (C) 2018 Shinya Kumagai

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

added closing strings for ios

flutter_custom_tabs/README.md, after:

# flutter_custom_tabs
[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/flutter_custom_tabs.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/flutter_custom_tabs)

A Flutter plugin for launching a URL using [Custom Tabs](https://developer.chrome.com/multidevice/android/customtabs)
 like [url_launcher](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher).  

The following platforms are supported:
- Android
- iOS(`*`)
- Web(`*`)

On Android and iOS, you can customize the screen 
to display web contents according to your application.

| Android | iOS |
| - | - |
| ![android](https://i.imgur.com/lgPWvLS.gif) | ![iOS](https://i.imgur.com/LhsCUzb.gif) |

`*`Custom Tabs is a feature that works seamlessly with apps and web content,  
and requires browsers such as Chrome on **Android**.  

Therefore, other platforms use different native features.
- iOS: [SFSafariViewController](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/safariservices/sfsafariviewcontroller).
  - You can customize the look & feel of the screen.
- Web: [url_launcher_web](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher_web)
  - You can't customize it at all.

## Getting Started
Add `flutter_custom_tabs` to the dependencies of your `pubspec.yaml`.

``` yaml
dependencies:
  flutter_custom_tabs: ^1.0.3
```

### Usage
Open the web URL like `url_launcher`.  
It is also possible to customize look & feel by specifying options for each Platform.
- Android: [`CustomTabsOption`](https://github.com/droibit/flutter_custom_tabs_platform_interface/blob/develop/lib/src/custom_tabs_option.dart)
- iOS: [`SafariViewControllerOption`](https://github.com/droibit/flutter_custom_tabs_platform_interface/blob/develop/lib/src/safari_view_controller_option.dart)
- for iOS you can specify urlsToClose - list of urls for closing SafariViewController (dont forget to specivy scheme in plist)
#### Example

``` dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:flutter_custom_tabs/flutter_custom_tabs.dart';

class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      theme: ThemeData(
        primarySwatch: Colors.blue,
      ),
      home: Scaffold(
        body: Center(
          child: TextButton(
            child: const Text('Show Flutter homepage'),
            onPressed: () => _launchURL(context),
          ),
        ),
      ),
    );
  }

  void _launchURL(BuildContext context) async {
    try {
      await launch(
        'https://flutter.dev',
        customTabsOption: CustomTabsOption(
          toolbarColor: Theme.of(context).primaryColor,
          enableDefaultShare: true,
          enableUrlBarHiding: true,
          showPageTitle: true,
          animation: CustomTabsAnimation.slideIn(),
          // or user defined animation.
          animation: const CustomTabsAnimation(
            startEnter: 'slide_up',
            startExit: 'android:anim/fade_out',
            endEnter: 'android:anim/fade_in',
            endExit: 'slide_down',
          ),
          extraCustomTabs: const <String>[
            // ref. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mozilla.firefox
            'org.mozilla.firefox',
            // ref. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.emmx
            'com.microsoft.emmx',
          ],
        ),                    
        safariVCOption: SafariViewControllerOption(
          preferredBarTintColor: Theme.of(context).primaryColor,
          preferredControlTintColor: Colors.white,
          barCollapsingEnabled: true,
          entersReaderIfAvailable: false,
          dismissButtonStyle: SafariViewControllerDismissButtonStyle.close,        
        ),
      );
    } catch (e) {
      // An exception is thrown if browser app is not installed on Android device.
      debugPrint(e.toString());
    }
  }
}
```

## License

    Copyright (C) 2015 The Android Open Source Project
    Copyright (C) 2018 Shinya Kumagai

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
